#summary A quick update...

= Introduction =

_From an article on the old Starscream Wordpress page at jayjaybillings.org/starscream_

The name of this article is wrong, I think. I believe the date should have been 20110717.

= The Update =

Hey! How’s it going? I want to give you a quick update on what’s been happening with Starscream and the Starscream webpage.

It has been over a year since I really thought about Starscream. The updates that I made to the build system and the couple of bug fixes that I made don’t really count as development work – just maintenance.

A lot of things have changed in the intervening months. I am now a member of the research staff at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, with a focus on large-scale software design and implementation. I’m also twelve pounds heavier. :-( At any rate, I’ve picked up enough experience and know-how over the past couple of years that when I look at Starscream, I see a lot of things that I could do better. The science really isn’t so bad, but the design doesn’t suit me any more (mostly because it isn’t extensible, which always bothered me) and there is a complete and total lack of testing on any scale.

On top of that, when I look at other modeling and simulation codes within the astrophysics community, I either die a little on the inside or a I feel a little vomit come up in my throat. This is generally true of any scientific code I see these days and I’m one of a growing number of scientists that are concerned by this problem and responsible for fixing it. Scientists need and want good tools, but building software properly can be a big investment in time and labor. That is equally true for astrophysicists.

Since I’ve found links to the Starscream webpage all over the World, I figured it was high time I started development on a new version and leverage everything that I have learned over the past couple of years. Look for more updates in the future!